-----------------------
What is Chilling Spree?
-----------------------

Chilling Spree is a deathmatch mod for Quakeworld that focuses on user friendliness
and lots of game modes to try out. It is intended for having fun playing Quakeworld
with new twists of the game instead of playing the same three modes all the time.

Chilling Spree features fourteen game modes in total, nine of them which are unique
to the mod compared to KTX.

Lots of work has been made to create a whole new structure of deathmatch modding,
it is in fact rewritten from the ground up and has its unique style.

With a load of new features like GUI system, server side bot support and heapless
of game modes it is intended to be a casual mod that you can use to
"just have fun"(tm).

For those that want to play custom maps but cannot decide what to pick, there is a
built in randomizer that selects ten maps that you can vote for.


--------------------
Differences from KTX
--------------------

Server side

GUI menu system using your movement keys as arrow keys.
Built for FTESV. Unfortunately MVDSV cannot be supported due to major usages of FTE
extensions. There is no plan to support it.
Written (almost entirely) from scratch in QuakeC.
Server side "antilag" which is client independent.
Frikbot support built in. This is mostly for testing purposes.
Statistics are saved when you play making a history of kills and deaths using your
GUID as identifier across disconnects.
Practice mode is redundant, all doors trigger etc are reset on match start.
Server cvar key system to configure the mod, very customizable in itself with keys
for almost anything.
Rulemaker system, whoever connects first gets to set the rules of the game to be
played. This status is preserved across map changes as well.

Client side

CSQC is planned for future releases, client side modding makes possible for
predictions to be made.
Menu system instead of console commands, control the rules and setup with cvar
keys.
Get a map list currently based on quering the server on the most played ones.
Faster loading of commands to the client.
Some lightstyle eyecandy when a match is about to start, check it.
Possibility to download .loc, .cfg and .lit from the server.

Administration

Simple installation.
FTEQCC is in Debian/Ubuntu repositories but is old, try to use the one at
triptohell instead.
Same goes with FTESV, use triptohell.
For Debian admins we noted that SQLite support needs this command:

ln -s /usr/lib/libsqlite.so.0.8.6 /usr/lib/libsqlite3.so.0

.ent files are used for map modifications such as quad on Aerowalk and removing
spawn on End.


----------
Setting up
----------

Edit private.cfg and cfgs/ports/port*.cfg for customization of the server.

./updatebinaries.sh
./start_servers.sh

Happy gibbing!


----------------------------
Downloading files from FTESV
----------------------------

/cmd demolist
/download demonum/X
/download locs/map.loc
